[Lock] Default path for FlockStore (#13042)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/lock.rst

    // the argument is the path of the directory where the locks are created

>     $store = new FlockStore(sys_get_temp_dir());

Reviewer: Given the new note below maybe we should use a custom path for the example (i.e `'/var/stores'`).

.. note::

>     If no path is given, `sys_get_temp_dir` is the default value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If no path is given, ``sys_get_temp_dir`` is used as default value.
```

Author: Improved
